hey guys how are you doing today I
recently got in another booster board
wreck I'm actually going to set this
camera down because I'm still hurt but
basically what happened is I was
powering through an intersection at the
last minute and then someone who was in
the ghost straight Lane was turning left
behind a very very big bus 18-wheeler
thing that was also eventually gonna
turn left but he was going kinda slow
those random car came out of nowhere we
almost collided this is the car and this
was me luckily when I fell I fell like
away from the car I'm starting to think
maybe I would have hurt less if I just
ran straight into the car basically I
just flew so I kind of went just like
full body chest first the scrapes don't
really do justice in terms of how much
my body hurts it's a day after and I
woke up just like almost paralyzed by
pain but it's not that I'm Adele
probably just some bruised ribs
maybe I'm dying just kidding not bad I'm
just sort I'm just going to take it easy
what the funny part was script ups my
Apple watch a little bit and my phone
went flying out of my pocket but didn't
have a scratch on it because randomly
I've had that case that moment case so
that's good I think my Apple earpods
case was in my pocket and flew out as
well because I can't find them so I'll
head back into the street in a couple
days it's time to go to Brooklyn
it is extremely rainy and kind of gloomy
outside but what we're doing right now
is we're going to go visit a artists
friend who's actually a big fan of here
because it's not only a graphic designer
and skater but he makes dope stuff like
this is the skater yeah you would have
the last couple and why I met at least
like Sarah gives this
on is happening right and happy right
now and so we're going to go support to
do to Eric but the coolest thing about
this is he's doing these drawings and
things at my favorite place ever
where is that Jonathan Walmart no try
one more time sweet dreams
yeah but not just any sweet dreams the
one in Williamsburg I've never been over
it this before honestly I believe it
over to Brooklyn twice okay
[Music]
I think I found the sweetener I think
it's right there right there are you
okay here's the man himself work so what
are you doing here so people are coming
by they're giving us their own custom
phrase and we're lettering for oh my
gosh they're solid they're great about
what you do family definitely yes look
how beautiful that is
yeah you're very talented sir
is very talented how did you get into
lettering
[Music]
protect us out Erica's using like a
crayola marker like we all used to use
was cool so don't give up on your dreams
guys try lettering okay printed I was
like excuse me how do you draw this I
love seeing it with Brooklyn you can
have face beautiful John show off your
fluttered design oh it's mine John
please all right so what does that mean
John what is progressing daily needs
it's actually a pretty self-explanatory
so when there's a day that you don't
regret we have been a opposite of
progress so every day you need to
improve a little bit even if it is a
little bit you're still improving and
that's what's important in life I feel
like I'm charlie exactly what
[Music]
so to catch up with my sweet green
homies and also say hi to Eric and his
real friends super talented talented
people with their markers and lettering
I'm only going to say this once because
I don't want to keep on saying it but
lunch yo girl is struggling make it look
like a really silly decision for you
this is just all I still think like to
this you should have done it thank you
so maybe next time I'll just be like
wait I shouldn't do this and I want
right that's what I was thinking with my
brain I want to put my camera down now
because of my entire body like this we
can have all the fancy journey wouldn't
be that bad but my body it like it
really hurts the rest of the day it's
just me having a date with that guy I'm
going to be editing my video from the
formula e race I am so excited about it
I'm so stoked to show you guys how my
arm I have to step away from this edit I
have gotten six minutes in 28 seconds
we've eaten dinner
we've lived so much life it's late now
I'm uploading my same video for the
third time because of copyright issues
face bands who send me music and have
copyright issues and tell me they don't
thank you
savage throw the hey you're turning over
a new leaf with your channel right
you're stepping things up the college is
higher working on harder 5 it is a week
hopefully some Biggie's you subscribe to
his face it's a very talented human - my
question is again you want to play you
want to play games spin ok so you're
talking about 3 or your like idea cuz
you're familiar with a game of skate or
a game of horse it's bent like that but
what's business and it's called a game
of spin that she's just invented you
watch maybe some before know this is a
parent in whole yes turn on the first
this trick is really
really difficult so you have your pinky
on it and you have to spin it hold it
like this and then put it on your other
pinky like this home I can dip it okay
block my rest a minute just let it when
as your pinky what's your trick oh no no
okay
what's up fellas uh yeah
ah dang it
okay how are you so good at that okay
you got it
all right right hand to left hand to so
I see you're very uncomfortable these
are very look at it I'm right-handed
oh just a simple simple catch you said
that yeah I didn't get you can't do
tricks twice rules it is yeah keep it
interesting right hey oh my god
terrified ah no that my right hand she
hurt so much I can still yours no I
really get this same hand test written
all right don't really to get to you but
I did it you would have to win do every
idea neighbors I'm gonna double the in
the Hey look you try it
[Music]
cuz I'm inventing trick I am actually a
better decision sure double you anyone
we're done I will kill you literally
murder you are you in pain right now
oh okay same hand right
and catch it Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
they used to be clustered and I
overcompensated something with 22 I love
your 10 I'm determined to get the
two-finger yeah you've worth a
one-for-one my turn oh all right that's
what I call the offering coming on the
NA Oh get some guys it is tight SP up
the SPI next fortuyn how did you get
into it at that Boston in here Oh God
wait I buzzed outfit
what is busting few tries I'm not sure
technically I was but okay here we go
[Applause]
champions no time for losers and he'll
of the world thank you for playing spin
with me I think this is going to be the
new the new thing this is gonna be how
your blog for now I do this French
colony now challenge your coolest friend
what you get so many useless you
literally have to do the part 2 part 3
part 4
you know like smart partner spin on the
subway spin Eiffel Tower
thank you so much for watching this
video if you're new around here make
sure to hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single every
single Monday through Friday let me know
if you like this video click on his
links in description below Wow and sit
on my friends
just remember to fidget on pinch it on
I'm really sore
okay
[Music]